README.md, before:

# pdfen-api-php-examples
PHP examples how to link to the **REST API** of **PDFen.com**

### Not a PHP Developer? But you are a developer? 

Then these PHP examples should still make it clear how to call the REST API of PDFen.com. 
However do not hesitate to contact us contact@pdfen.com if you have any questions, remarks or need help.

## INSTALLATION
1. Download or clone the project

2. Prepare config:

    - Rename /Config/RenameFileToConfig.php to /Config/Config.php and change credientials in /Config/Config.php
    
    - Change your PDFen.com creditials:

            $this->aConnectInfo['username'] = 'set your PDFen.com user name (e-mail) here';

            $this->aConnectInfo['password'] = 'set your PDFen.com password here';

3. Choose an example, e.g. How to convert MSG file to PDF

    Example: Examples\convert-one-msg-file.php and adjust:

    $aFileInfo['file_name_or_title'] = 'my test msg file'; /* change your title here */

    $aFileInfo['extension'] = 'msg'; /* Set the extension */

    $aFileInfo['source_path'] =  __DIR__ . '/ExampleFiles/pdfenoutlookimagepdf.msg'; /* Absolute path to your source file. */

4. Run the php program, e.g.:

    http://localhost/pdfen-api-php-examples/Examples/convert-one-msg-file.php

5. If no errors occure, you can download the result through the url


## Project content

/Config

    /Config.php: Change the username and password

/Examples

    Example php files how to convert or merge files

/ExampleFiles

    Example dummy source files which you can use to be converted

/Core

    Api.php: This file contains functions how to call the API of PDFen.com. Step by step you can see how to call the API.

Commit message:

Added more examples how to convert office, msg. How to convert multiple files at once. How to merge them in one PDF (and set ordering), How to convert to PDF/A

README.md, after:

# pdfen-api-php-examples
PHP examples how to link to the **REST API** of **PDFen.com**

### Not a PHP Developer? But you are a developer? 

Then these PHP examples should still make it clear how to call the REST API of PDFen.com. 
However do not hesitate to contact us contact@pdfen.com if you have any questions, remarks or need help.

### What can PDFen.com convert and merge?
In the article below, you can change all the file formats PDFen.com supports:
https://www.pdfen.com/faq/what-extensions-can-pdfen-convert-to-pdf

## INSTALLATION
1. Download or clone the project

2. Prepare config:

    - Rename /Config/RenameFileToConfig.php to /Config/Config.php and change credientials in /Config/Config.php
    
    - Change your PDFen.com creditials:

            $this->aConnectInfo['username'] = 'set your PDFen.com user name (e-mail) here';

            $this->aConnectInfo['password'] = 'set your PDFen.com password here';

3. Choose an example, e.g. How to convert MSG file to PDF

    Example: Examples\convert-one-msg-file.php and adjust:

    $aFileInfo['file_name_or_title'] = 'my test msg file'; /* change your title here */

    $aFileInfo['extension'] = 'msg'; /* Set the extension */

    $aFileInfo['source_path'] =  __DIR__ . '/ExampleFiles/pdfenoutlookimagepdf.msg'; /* Absolute path to your source file. */

4. Run the php program, e.g.:

    http://localhost/pdfen-api-php-examples/Examples/convert-one-msg-file.php

5. If no errors occure, you can download the result through the url


## Project content

/Config

    /Config.php: Change the username and password

/Examples

    Example php files how to convert or merge files

/ExampleFiles

    Example dummy source files which you can use to be converted

/Core

    Api.php: This file contains functions how to call the API of PDFen.com. Step by step you can see how to call the API.
